Oh, Mr. Liu
What should I do?
Don't worry, Ye Yan is obedient.
What are you still doing?
Hurry up and kowtow
Can you afford to delay the future of my Wang family?
How much is it?
Son is deaf
Thousands of dollars are hard to buy
Disorderly cutting is rare
Your Wang family really doesn't know how to lift a glance
You just need to kneel down with Liu Shao
I can be anything it doesn't matter
My Wang family can continue to support you
You can still eat and drink for free
Needs leaf rock
You have to slap your face and make you fat
When?
Don't you forget.
Is your sister still lying in the hospital?
Did you care about his life and death?
What did you say to give me 5,000 for the Wang family?
Just your one
Red mouth and white teeth
Who could do that to you?
What!
My sister is still Liu Shao?
I can prove that there is indeed a lot of money now
Pull a random passerby
It's like putting gold on your face.
If there is a wind, I will advise you.
It's better to go home and wash this dog smell
Grandpa but
Where anyone can prove it today
You can afford it.
I kneel down and call you grandpa
Who is Wang Qian I am
Please be filial with this card.
It was the 50 million gift from the Liu Group to the Queen's family
Right.
Liu's Group has not cooperated with my Wang family
Why should you fund our Wang family?
That's because...
This 50 million is what I earned